Feat/reflection serializer (#289)
iotaledger/hive.go: reflectionserializer/README.md

* `time.Time` type is serialized as uint64 (unix nanoseconds). Zero value is serialized as 0;

* optionally, slices can be sorted in byte lexical order before serialization and deserialization;
* optionally, slices can have duplicates removed before serialization and deserialization;
* by default, interface and pointer types cannot have `nil` value;
* by default, sizes of dynamic containers (`string`, `slice`) are written before values as uint32;
* optionally, collection types' length (e.g. `slice`, `orderedmap.OrderedMap`) can be validated before serialization and
  deserialization;
* golang's native `map` type is not supported;
* structs are serialized in the order of fields in the struct;
* only public fields can be serialized. To use private fields, read more about `unpack` struct tag;
* `encoding.BinaryUnmarshaler` and `encoding.BinaryMarshaler` interfaces are supported and used if available;
    * serialized bytes are serialized as a regular byte slice;
    * during deserialization byte slice is read and passed to unmarshaler;
* for custom collection types (e.g. `orderedmap.OrderedMap`), a special `BinarySerializer` and `BinaryDeserializer` is

>   used. Custom collection type needs to implement those interfaces internally;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* for custom collection types (e.g. `orderedmap.OrderedMap`), a special `BinarySerializer` and `BinaryDeserializer` is
  used. Custom collection types need to implement those interfaces internally;
```

| serialize       | bool | only fields with this tag will be serialized                                                       | all                                      |
| unpack          | bool | unpacks the inner structure's fields as fields of outer structure                                  | `struct`                                 |
| minLen          | int  | ensure that serialized collection has the specified min length.                                    | `slice` `orderedmap.OrderedMap`          |
| maxLen          | int  | ensure that serialized collection has the specified max length                                     | `slice` `orderedmap.OrderedMap`          |
| allowNil        | bool | whether given struct field can have nil value                                                      | `interface` `ptr`                        |
| noDuplicates    | bool | whether a slice should have duplicate values removed during serialization and deserialization      | `slice`                                  |
| lexicalOrder    | bool | whether a slice values should be lexicographically sorted before serialization and deserialization | `slice`                                  |

> | lenPrefixBytes  | int  | number of bytes to use for serialization of length of types with dynamic size.                     | `slice` `orderedmap.OrderedMap` `string` |

Reviewer: This should instead enforce the rules instead of auto. doing it; add specific tags for auto. removal/ordering.

Author: Added two tags - `sort` and `skipDuplicates`. Previous tags return an error if order/duplicates requirement is violated.

practice. The type registry is part of the serialization manager, so the `TypeRegistry` methods are available directly.
If a non-registered type is passed to either encoding or decoding function, it will result in an error that needs to be
handled. Unlike for type registration, for type encoding a reflection type must be passed and is returned from
the `TypeRegistry`.

```go
sm := reflectionserializer.NewSerializationManager()
sm.RegisterType("")

v := "stringType"
// encoding string type into corresponding integer value
encodedType, err := m.EncodeType(reflect.TypeOf(v))

// decoding integer value into string type
keyType, err := m.DecodeType(encodedType)
```

## Built-in serialization interfaces

### `encoding.BinaryMarshaller`

If struct or pointer type implements `encoding.BinaryMarshaller` and `encoding.BinaryUnmarshaller`, then the method is
used for serialization and deserialization. The interfaces are defined in standard Go libraries. The resulting bytes are
serialized as a regular slice of bytes, therefore the serialized value is prefixed with the number of bytes the

> structure has been serialized to. During theserialization the length is used to read necessary number of bytes, and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
structure has been serialized to. During the serialization the length is used to read necessary number of bytes, and then
```
